README.md, before:

# Azul-project
                                        +       +       +
                                        |       |       |
                                        |       |       |
                                        +---------------+
                                                |
                                           Azul-Project
                                                |
                                        +---------------+
                                        |       |       |
                                        |       |       |
                                        +       +       +

## What is it ? 
A helper to write [Amazigh](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berbers)/[Tifinagh](https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tifinagh) on Google Chrome.

## Do you have a kanban board for this project ?
Of course I do ! check it [here](https://trello.com/b/qPCjmttu/azul-project). Warning it's a bit ugly right now !

## TODO's
- [ ] Support iframe tags
- [ ] Exclude some URLs (like settings pages)

## How to use it ? 
Coming soon

## References
 - http://www.lexilogos.com/clavier/tamazight_latin.htm
 - http://www.lexilogos.com/clavier/tamazight.htm

Commit message:

Handle UID of a DOM Element

README.md, after:

# Azul-project
                                        +       +       +
                                        |       |       |
                                        |       |       |
                                        +---------------+
                                                |
                                           Azul-Project
                                                |
                                        +---------------+
                                        |       |       |
                                        |       |       |
                                        +       +       +

## What is it ? 
A helper to write [Amazigh](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berbers)/[Tifinagh](https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tifinagh) on Google Chrome.

## Do you have a kanban board for this project ?
Of course I do ! check it [here](https://trello.com/b/qPCjmttu/azul-project). Warning it's a bit ugly right now !

## TODO's
- [ ] Support iframe tags
- [ ] Exclude some URLs (like settings pages)
- [ ] Handle backspaces
- [ ] Migrate to an ES6 env ? (for a better refactoring) 

## How to use it ? 
Coming soon

## References
 - http://www.lexilogos.com/clavier/tamazight_latin.htm
 - http://www.lexilogos.com/clavier/tamazight.htm
